Note that security releases are not always -p1 (#7619)
magento/devdocs: src/release/index.md

## About security-only releases

> Security-only releases provide fixes for vulnerabilities that have been identified in previous quarterly patch releases. You can install time-sensitive security fixes without applying the hundreds of functional fixes and enhancements that a full quarterly patch release contains. These releases are appended with `-pN`, where N is the incremental patch version beginning with 1 (example: 2.3.5-p1, 2.3.5-p2). **These releases may also include hotfixes determined to be crticial for the operation of a Magento application.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Security-only releases provide fixes for vulnerabilities that have been identified in previous quarterly patch releases. You can install time-sensitive security fixes without applying the hundreds of functional fixes and enhancements that a full quarterly patch release contains. These releases are appended with `-pN`, where N is the incremental patch version beginning with 1 (example: 2.3.5-p1, 2.3.5-p2). **These releases can also include hotfixes required to address critical issues that affect the Magento application.**
```
